 Q1. What is For loop?
A.   For loop in python is used to execute a block of statements or code several times 
       until the given condition becomes false.
      We use the for loop when we know the number of times to iterate.
      Syntax:
	for var in sequence: Block of code
	Here var will take the value from the sequence and execute it until all the values
  	 in the sequence are done.
       Example:	
	language = [‘Python’, ‘Java’, ‘Ruby’]
 
	for lang in language:
	      print(“Current language is: “, lang)
	Output:

	Current language is: Python
	Current language is: Java
	Current language is: Ruby

Q2.  What is While loop?
A.    While loop in python is used to execute multiple statements or codes repeatedly until the given
        condition is true.
       We use a while loop when we don’t know the number of times to iterate. 
        Syntax:
	while (expression): block of statements Increment or decrement operator
	In the while loop, we check the expression, if the expression becomes true, only then the 
	block of statements present inside the while loop will be executed. For every iteration, 
	it will check the condition and execute the block of statements until the condition 
	becomes false.
       Example:
 	number = 5
 	sum = 0
	i = 0
	while (i&lt;number):
   	     sum = sum + i
   	     i = i+1
	print(sum)

	Output:
	10

Q3.   How do you control a Loop in Python?  
A.    In Python, you can control a loop with the following control statements:
	The break keyword breaks out of a loop.
	The continue keyword skips all the codes below it and returns to the beginning of the loop.
	These keywords are mostly used in an if statement that first checks if a condition
	 is TRUE or FALSE.

Q4.  What is the difference between for loop and while loop?
A.     A for loop is an iterator based loop, which steps through the items of iterable objects like
         lists, tuples, etc. While a while loop is a condition-based loop, that executes a block of 
        statements repeatedly as long as its condition is TRUE.

Q5.    Does Python do support until loop?
A.      Unfortunately, Python doesn’t support the do-while loop.

Q6.    What are the two types of loops in Python?
A.      Python generally supports two types of loops: for loop and while loop. However, 
          a third loop[nested loop] can be generated by nesting two or more of these loops.
